Experiment the addition of sealed/defined attributes (#19029)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/02-specification-language/19029-master+sealed-attribute.rst

- **Added:**
  New attributes :attr:`sealed` and :attr:`defined` allow to change
  the default opacity (now called sealedness to prevent the confusion
  with the notion of opacity implemented by the command :cmd:`Opaque`)

>   of a definition or theorem

Author: Googling "sealedness" gives some occurrences. I just saw however that in Java, it is called "sealing", which maybe is better.

About "sealed" rather than opaque, there were long discussions in coq/ceps#42. It echoes to sealed interfaces in programming languages.

The choice is somehow binary with one of the disjunct being itself binary.

Finding the right words to explain that is not easy, I agree.

- **Added:**

>   New attributes :attr:`sealed` and :attr:`defined` allow to change
>   the default opacity (now called sealing to prevent the confusion
>   with the notion of opacity implemented by the command :cmd:`Opaque`)
>   of a definition or theorem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Attributes :attr:`sealed` and :attr:`defined` to set
  the opacity of a definition or theorem.  :attr:`sealed` makes the object
  immutably opaque, unlike the :cmd:`Opaque` command, which makes
  an object mutably opaque
```

Some of the wording was not idiomatic
Also "the confusion with the notion of opacity" doesn't tell you what the difference in notions is, so vague
